Update openEO output display (#205)
eu-cdse/documentation: APIs/openEO/Collections.qmd

---
title: "Data collections"
format:
  html:
    code-fold: true
jupyter: python3
---

> In the Earth Observation domain, different terms are used to describe EO data(sets). In openEo, it is referred to as a "Collection". Thus,a collection is a sequence of granules sharing the same product specification. It typically corresponds to the series of products derived from data acquired by a sensor on board of a satellite and having the same mode of operation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Earth Observation domain, different terms are used to describe EO data(sets). In openEO, it is referred to as a "Collection". Thus, a collection is a sequence of granules sharing the same product specification. It typically corresponds to the series of products derived from data acquired by a sensor on board of a satellite and having the same mode of operation. 
```

Author: updated

> In openEO, a back-end offers a set of collections to be processed.  A user can load (a subset of) a collection using a special process, which returns a (spatial) datacube. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In openEO, a back-end offers a set of collections to be processed.  A user can load (a subset of) a collection using the `load_collection` process, which returns a raster data cube. 
```

I would not call `load_collection` a special process, it's not very special, it's one of the most common ones :smile:

Author: updated. Nevertheless, this was the most special process I found since it never threw me any error 😆
